Organisation Mark (/10): 7 Your work is well presented and written, with a logical structure and clear explanations. Possibly, you have too many contour plots in section 4.6, when a simpler plot showing the average temperature as a function of different parameters would have been more informative. Also, probably you dedicate too much space to the introductory problem and very little to the discussion and interpretation of the results. Both things are important, but they are a bit unbalanced in your report.

Presentation Mark (/10): 8.5 Excellent presentation, well done!

Understanding Mark (/20): 14 You show good good understanding of the physical problem and the maths. It's excellent that you tried a couple of implementations of the Jacobi solver and it is just unfortunate that it was not that efficient. You should have suspected that the temperature with the heat sink and natural convection was too low: if you can reach 300K with just an small aluminium plate and some fins, there would be no reason for complex cooling systems, as it is the case in any microprocessor.

Programming Mark (/10): 2.5 I could not make your code work because you use float numbers as index in your arrays. That was accepted (but deprecated) in older versions of Numpy, but from Numpy 1.12.0 this is simply an error. It might also be the source of errors in your results due to rounding to the wrong integer. I know that is not exactly your fault, but unfortunately as a result of this, I cannot check your code. My only suggestion would be (1) to use always the most updated version of any library and (2) state which versions of the libraries you have used, for example in the README file.

Results Mark (/50): 28.25 You have made a sensible implementation of the problem, discretisation scheme and boundary conditions. The convergence criteria was not justified, though, and the existence of two criteria was confusing. Using a tolerance too high also made your results very inaccurate. It is clear that the main limitation has been that your code was not very efficient (and potentially coding errors), which has limit your ability to provide better results.
